Hi team. So uh I'll just be highlighting the um small small flaws that we identified when on creating the proposals. So I'll first uh start with one already created proposals to what uh we have as a uh flaw. So the first thing is if we are taking this proposal I'm able to either duplicate or delete this entire code. But if I open it inside um I'm not able to let's say I created a wrong room right I'm not able to delete I don't have an option to delete or uh or if I wanted to duplicate the same room also I don't have this option so that's one thing duplicate is also not very important but if I have to delete it I should have that option because there are high possibilities that people might uh you you know create a room by mistake. So that is one thing and then the second thing is let's say I'm creating a new project. I am creating a test uh uh test project 02 and then the project type is residential. Okay. In this category, there should only be express and expand as categories. Like I already said, the accessories, services, lights, stone, handles, all these are um actual things that that has to come under these both categories. Okay. So like these these are not separate categories. So for express uh let's say we have the modeler costing entered. Apart from that we we should have accessories available under express. I mean all these available under express as well as under expand. So the style category should be displayed only as either express or expand as of now and in the future if we introduce new styles like exclusive it should be visible. This is one thing and then uh okay let's say we are selecting expand. As of now, I'm not allowing multiple style preferences. I'm creating a project. Under this project, I'm going and I'm adding the space uh let's say kitchen, right? Wet or exposed. unit group name uh is actually not required but let's say I'm giving it as base unit add room and then add line item. So it is saying no unit types are available. So the kitchen this I tried yesterday as well. The kitchen wet or not just kitchen basically the wet or exposed uh area in the uh expand category. I don't know is I think it's not mapped or something but it's not at all getting displayed. So just wanted to show you that so I can add it here. So now I'm not able to edit this wet or exposed or I'm not able to delete. So I'm creating one more space kitchen dry or inexposed. I'm naming it as dry kitchen. Add room add line item. And yes it is visible. So basically in the wet or exposed it's not visible. But if we this is this problem is only with expand with express both are visible. So okay this is one thing that I'm wanting to highlight now. Okay, I've created the room and I'm coming getting into add line item and if I select unit type and if I give it as a base storage unit right what should actually happen is only the base storage unit line items must be visible but what is happening here is standard crow Okay, I think uh yesterday I highlighted it to branches and awesome. Now it is sorted but still there are you know certain uh yeah see here supply and installation of storage only base storage must be visible over here and that two even before this. So what how the software should actually function is like let's say we are uh selecting the base storage there should be another in your level two it should not directly go to select description it should have select finish right over here instead of description select finish and under this we should have these different so over here if you see right and this finish material material. We have different categories. Smooth finish uh again smooth finish mix laminate again glass finish right glass with smooth finish and then over here if you scroll down we'll have glossy finish. Yeah. See so these uh things should be uh visible. So what what I could probably do is I can I can categorize. So these carcass, BWP, shutter, HDF, all these are actually not required. If you could let me know, I'll remove these unnecessary information and only keep smooth finish. So over here if the the select uh thing in the second line item it should be select finish and the team should be able to select smooth finish gloss. So what should be displayed over here is smooth finish glossy finish smooth finish with uh glass shutter uh uh smooth finish with clear tender glass shutter smooth finish with floated glass shutter glossy with clear tender glass glossy with fluted glass. So I'll give you that anti list um in this probably I'll remove it is all there but there are some additional information which I'll remove. So it it might uh help if it might help you please let me know on that and then once this is done right the third uh should be the selection of handles. So over here we have basic handle G-profile handle. So this finish and this handle actually determines the cost. The the if you if you keenly uh watch it is the uh carcass and shutter MDF is standard throughout everywhere. Uh sorry shutter HDF is standard throughout everywhere. It's the mix laminate addition or the you know the the handle instead of handle over here it'll be G profile. So the next thing the second uh the the the second step people choose finish. The third step should be a display a drop-down of choose your handles right. Uh it can it can get displayed as basic handle finger grew uh profile handle that's it just three or four drop-downs and then if people when on choosing that it then goes to the uh fourth step as select description. Now what will happen is let's say I'm selecting smooth finish in step two and basic handle in step three. it will only show me smooth finish uh basic handle base storage and I'll just be able to add it and I'll be able to move forward with the next step of dimensions right so there are there should be two substeps over here to select the finish and the handle and upon that the description will be selected and then we enter the uh length and height quantity this is all perfect let's say uh like is 8 ft height is 3 ft and the quantity I'm giving as one so this is all perfect and I like I gave a feedback yesterday we'll remove this rate and this square feet area let this dimensions remain here let this quantity let this unit type uh and description be remaining over here so these are all good we'll just remove these two things and then the total amount is displayed over here. So we should give it as add line item and then it it gets calculated. Uh okay this all these functions are perfect. Um yeah line item subtotal after discount total GST grand total all these are perfect and then this markup alone I'll have to have a different uh uh terminology. Okay, this is to do with the uh uh expand or express all these variants same like right I mean a very similar approach for the let's say there is one okay uh we we could al if we could also highlight over here residential is highlighted right under this if we open only material specification expand is highlighted but If we could also over here itself highlight if it's express or expand it'll be very helpful for the admin to see how many express codes have gone how many expand codes have gone that's one thing and okay this is uh express I would like to open an express code yeah so this is an express code over here uh add room test room. I think it was created by you. Okay, I'm not touching this. I'm going to open another. Yeah. So, this is an express code. Let's say we are adding master bedroom exposed MBR I think over here it is also showing select category again is because I in this I gave select multiple preferences so that's working out well but I'm still uh selecting express only as of now and I'm going to add room MBR is here unit type let's say if I select wardrobe and move next. Again the sub uh steps should be selection of finish and then selection of handle and I had selected wardrobe but base storage, wall storage, tall storage everything is getting displayed. It'll it will become very tough for people to choose from this. So after filtering the unit type and then the finish and then the handle type only that particular line item should be visible for people to choose from over here. But as of now I'm just choosing a random wardrobe and then uh and then I'm giving a length of uh four 4T and height of 7 ft. Quantity is one. Yeah. Likewise these two corrections but rest is good. Rest is good as in uh we'll have to check the uh costing as well. So so I I'm yet to test the costing and all those stuff but then just checking. So the next is uh this express is fine but over here like I said if I select accessories right so when I'm giving accessories these things should not at all be there like room type room type and uh these things are actually not required when it comes to accessories. So we'll skip all these. I'll just keep it randomly. But when on developing the software, when we select accessories, is it possible to remove all these? That's one question. I'm adding a room and when I'm adding the line item, the unit type. Okay, this accessory is actually working uh right. So let's say I give it as detergent holder only detent holders are getting displayed which is a good thing. So over here, if I move to accessories and if I add a filter to just filter detergent holder, three line items are there. But I think because these two are merged or something only with respect to the image I don't know only two line items are getting displayed headache is getting displayed cargo dish is getting displayed trainer so so basically you have two set of cargo distrainer right so in that one is of 600 mm size the other is of 900 mm size. So probably because of that it's not getting displayed here but it has to be displayed. That's one thing. And this part is not required for accessories. So they don't have to basically accessories a product right. If they choose you know I want this cargo distrainer set uh it should automatically just get selected as a product and no other input is required because let's say as of now I'm giving one in everything the cost remains the same okay 4810 is here 4810 is here but if I go back if I change it to 2 ft length and 2 ft height. It is you know it's it's calculating wrongly. This shouldn't be the case. So with with respect to accessories the changes that are there are uh under the unit type it's perfect. We'll have to select this. And then the description is only displaying what is there in the line item. But still we'll also have to check go and filter and check if it is actually displaying everything because let's say I'm I now selected the dustbin category. So I'm selecting over here as well and there are seven rows displayed but in our thing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. Okay, perfect. So with respect to dusbin it's all displayed clearly because we did not merge a single row. Uh but with respect to the detergent pull out we have merged one row differentiated it only with sizes. So it has not uh been displayed. Please let me know if I have to rectify it with the with respect to the merging of the rows. I'll get it rectified internally. And let's say we select this this this entire enter dimension should be removed. So it shouldn't be here. And then if we select it it is the cost is capture getting captured properly. So this is to do with the accessories and then the loading time is also a little slow. Is this how it'll normally be like or it's because it's a test version? Please let let me know on this. And then let's say I'm adding a space and I'm adding you know civil services select category services add room and then I'm going inside this adding line item. Okay. Why only these many are visible in services? master. But there are so many line items under services but only three are visible. Premium emulsion, tractor emulsion that comes under painting. So the work type should be this. The primary type should be let's say what should be displayed over here is uh so if you're displaying premium emulsion tractor emulsion the previous uh thing should have painting as the service you should select painting over here instead of having premium emulsion and then we should go to next and then over here only we should have uh you know premium So basically again this also needs a subcategory. The first category should be uh is selecting what service it is right which is over here the work type right. So that should be uh painting selected as painting. And then the next should be uh the uh category of work that has to be done which is premium emulsion tractor whatever whatever and then should be the description that selection supply and application of premium emulsion paint blah blah blah and then yes these dimensions are right the wall dimension can be let's say 10 ft by 10 ft and the quantity is one the cost is uh being calculated created over here. So this is uh yeah this is right but uh this work type and category is actually not uh uh you know getting captured properly. So this we'll have to capture it right. Let's say so these none of these except for these premium imulsion tractor emerion the three line items there are so many line items in civil services which are not at all visible so we'll have to check on that and then okay civil services so for everything I've had to add uh add a space which is a problem over here. So what should happen is let's say I'm adding master bedroom right under master bedroom that's that's why I said uh it should be kept common uh so because I have already selected the category as express under master bedroom I'm not able to uh I'm not able to edit or add a different line item apart from the woodwork so I have to create a space every time But over here the category is should only be express or expand and all these things should be common under express expand everything. So let's say I'm creating this whole project under the express category and uh I am adding master bedroom right I should be able to add uh so when I give add line item before adding these line items what I should have over here is again uh let's say before adding the unit type I should have uh let's say woodworks uh accessories civil all those we had light stone lights all those should be displayed over here so I should select from this and then let's say I select woodworks then it should get displayed like this for woodworks or if I had selected accessories accessories should get displayed so this is uh one another thing okay but as of now just for us to test. I am just adding uh a different space and I'm adding stone master add room. I'm going here and adding the line item only quarts is visible. But over here if you look at the category there are okay quads is only there. Perfect. Okay. Only quartz is visible. We are selecting quads. Select description countertops. Okay, stone is actually working. Perfect. They they will just have to uh go ahead and select the stone bases to finish. And let's say Costa page if I select transportation. Okay. Let's say I select 10 by 21 quantity. Ah, so the problem is this is quartz is basis slab. It it it is costing us bases. The unit is numbers over here. The unit is not you know square feet or anything like that. So if you look at this one quad stone is costing us 689,000. It shouldn't be like this. So basically in quartz as well the length and height should not be there and only quantity should be there. Let's say I give one and one over here right what happens next is the cost is getting properly displayed. We chose Costa B. Let's say we choose we compare the costa beige thing over here. 34457 is the cost. 34457 is the cost. So basically the the software performs perfectly if we remove these things. So for for a few things it is length length by height for a few things it's only the quantity because the cost is predefined and you will have to consider it like a more like a readym made product which doesn't need dimensions. It does it does only needs the quantity. So the same applies for lights as well. Let's say I'm creating one another space for lights and then I'm selecting lights. You type let's say cabinet spotlight, right? description. Okay, this is coming out. So, under lights, it was this category cabinet spotlight. Okay. So under this okay let me just filter it here select only cabinet spotlight and then there are six line items being displayed but under description only three are displayed over here. We'll have to check these things as well. Let's say if I select Oreo, right? And let me also select Oreo here. 11 line items are being displayed. I think it's a little more than what it is there. These things has to be checked. Uh yeah, I think this this has to be checked with almost all of the things that has been mentioned. But you let me know how the sheet has to be framed for us to achieve. But I think you would have gotten the whole idea of how it has to get displayed right. So let me know basis that we if we have to um tweak the sheet according to the software performance we can you know rearrange it and Yep.