Hi team. So let's skip this um four sheets right now. The economy light premium, premium and luxury. What we are what we are actually going to work on right now uh with the new costing is this uh Dex Express expand and then services accessories terms and conditions. This terms and conditions is still not filled. I'll fill it soon but I'll also tell you how I want this to be displayed. So it is uh pretty much the same uh you know set of columns that we have created for this particular thing. But why a new sheet is because we have reworked on the costing on the uh on the uh list of line items and all those things which is why there's a new sheet that has been created. However, uh there are a few set of instructions that I wanted to give to how the software has to uh look like from what I previously told. Of course, uh uh you know that is also very similar. First is the someone has to log in like I had given in my previous video. Someone has to log in and then now that we are completely entering into B2C, we have team members who are logging in instead of architects. So the login should be super admin should have a common access to all the login that are uh being given to uh people and then uh the uh login access for individual should be uh one should not be able to see the others. So let's have the hierarchy as super admin admin and then users. So admin will be that particular team manager. So any four team members that comes under that particular team manager's login that team manager should be able to see all the team members uh you know activities uh let's say the quotes or whatever uh so uh I'll I'll also draft this uh and give it as a document for your reference but I'm just explaining uh and once that is uh done for let's if we have to talk about each individual login now there are There are going to be no logo on the corners or anything like that. It's just going to be the company's logo uh which is interiors byex. And uh what is going to happen is um if someone directly logs in they'll just log in enter into the platform give all the inputs and then they'll be able to generate a code link. So this is how it is going to be like. And uh if let's say someone creates a project and they select the filter express right so they will only be able to so over here we have given right so express expand exclusive let's ignore about this exclusive thing right now because we have not created the set of uh costing for it we are only focusing on express and expand right now. So let's say someone creates this uh uh you know project under this express filter. They should only be able to see the costing that is entered in this sheet. Be it costing be it line item or whatever whatever they should not be able to uh see anything else beyond this in terms of the uh modular costing. So this express and expand is the modular costing. This accessories and services is common costing which will be visible in express expand exclusive because all these are common right any any so basically this is the modular costing the services is the civil the fall ceiling electrical and all those that costing and then accessories is the internal accessories that's that's used in projects. So this is also common this is also common this is also common only these two varies. So someone selects express they should be able to see this and then if they go to services they should be able to see all the services accessories all the accessories terms and conditions it's all the same for both express and expand right so uh this is this is how it is uh drafted uh the the express filter is selected it should only these set of line items should be visible right and Then when it comes to expand it is again the same thing. So they select the expand filter they should only be able to see the set of line items that's given here. And one should not be able to skip in between um I mean swap in between the project from expand to express. If let's say in a single project um one customer wants to go with uh the express variant for uh their wardrobes and expand variant for their kitchen. They should not be able to do that in that particular quotation. What they'll have to do is they'll have to create two different quotations. one quotation for wardrobes which is in this variant and one quotation for kitchen which is in the other variant. So in a single quotation they cannot add one light line item from this variant and one line item from this variant. I hope I'm making this uh very clear right and underneath these woodworks right the express or expand. So basically the overall total calculation like I had explained uh last time with the prolands website is we will have uh uh woodworks once again let's say total on woodworks and then GST grand hotel right likewise is total on civil services GST and grand total. Likewise, total on accessories. There should be no visible GST or grand total for accessories because accessories comes with an inclusive cost of GST transportation everything. So total on woodworks would be X number let's say 10 lakhs GST should be yeah GST should be a stand a standard of 18%. So this let's keep it in a way that nobody is able to edit. And then the grand total would be a sum of these. The grand total on good works, right? And let's say civil service is a sum of two lakhs again the same 18%. So grand total would be a sum of these two and then accessories let's say 50,000. So beneath should be a total project value which is a sum of this this and this and then total GST value should be a sum of this and this so grand total should be a sum of these two. Why this step is because I don't want uh so GST is something that's that we cannot help with. So I don't want people to get this included on the project cost and you know I don't want it to look uh exorbitant. So that's why I've clearly split it. So total project value, total GST value, grand total and from this grand total only the payment terms has to be derived. I'll I'll also add the payment terms in the uh instruction document. But I hope uh this is clear. I am just highlighting this separately for your reference. I'm not sure if I can keep it in the sheet or not, but I am just keeping it for your reference and highlighting it. If if required you can of course delete it. Right? So this is this is how the payment terms must be calculated and this is how I wanted it to be displayed underneath the woodworks. Once everything is selected in the uh expand and they're uh you know moving to services before they move to services they get this total on woodworks. So as they select each line item and as they give the sizes let this uh you know keep getting calculated and then likewise for civil uh services once they are done selecting the line items uh let this be displayed accessories likewise and once um the the the user gives uh you know quotation complete let it calculate these and then we'll be able to share it with the payment terms and terms and conditions Right. Uh yeah. So this is all about it. When it comes to accessories, one more important thing that I wanted to tell was of course like I said this is common for these accessories are common for all these variants. There's no restriction on that. But one thing is I want the accessories to be displayed with the product image as well. This is uh for better clarity of the customer. You have to let me know if it is possible. So I have attached the project im product image here. If you want I can also attach the link of the product image. So you can directly uh you know take a look at it and then see if it's able to be entered. And then the description is here. the costing of the same it is inclusive of installation GST and transportation right and then when it comes to services yeah this is how it is same set of columns there's no change on the columns on all these across all these sheets and then there is this uh costing that's been mentioned so the unit should also be mentioned someone should be able to give the let's say they select this particular line item the unit is the default thing that will get displayed paid by itself. The selling price is a default thing. They'll only have to give the uh uh number of uh either the if it's in numbers, they should be able to enter one or two or three. If it's in square feet, they should be able to enter the length and uh breadth. Yeah. So, this is how it is calculated. So, I I hope I'm keeping it clear.